TODO:
Implement forget password function.
update names on doctor profile.
update names for nurse profile and receptionist profile
Patient makes a request (and attach documents) to join the the gp and the receptionist accepts them.
- The system shall have a 24-hour live chat service between the patient and receptionist.
_ Delete files from the folder.


TESTING NEEDED:
The system shall verify the email address when guest is registering a patient account.
The system shall allow guest to create a patient account.
The system shall make sure that the user’s password is at least 8 characters long, include 1 special character, include at lease 1 uppercase and lowercase.
The system shall store users to update their profile.
The system shall allow users to add their own medical records
The system shall allow users to remove their medical records.
The system shall allow users to delete unwanted medical record.
The system shall allow users to contact their GP.
Receptionist of the Gp are only able to edit the opening hours.
The system shall allow GP doctors(users) to add medical records to specific patient.
Doctors can only see patients who are in the same GP.
The system shall allow user to create medical notes.
The system shall allow users to add medication to their profile
The system shall provide health related article to the users.
The system shall allow users to search for common symptoms.
Allow patiens to view medical records added by doctor.
The system shall allow users to book and cancel appointment.
	- List all appointments as a list for the GP and the doctors.
	- Use calender for the patients to view their schedule.
	- Allow the doctor to create a time sheet in calender for appointment times.
	- Display the times on the GP Request appointment.
	- Block the calender slot if the slot is filled.
	- Allow patient to book 10 mins appointment time.
	- Create the record, and display it on the patients profile and doctor profile.

DONE:
The system shall display appropriate message if the user enters wrong URL.
The system shall make sure all the updates are stored securely on a database.
The system shall use facial authentication to verify user against hospital database when linking the account to chosen hospital.